 -- Command: clear [options] pattern ...
     Delete the names matching the given patterns from the symbol table.

     The pattern may contain the following special characters:

     '?'
          Match any single character.

     '*'
          Match zero or more characters.

     '[ LIST ]'
          Match the list of characters specified by LIST.  If the first
          character is '!' or '^', match all characters except those
          specified by LIST.  For example, the pattern '[a-zA-Z]' will
          match all lowercase and uppercase alphabetic characters.

     For example, the command

          clear foo b*r

     clears the name 'foo' and all names that begin with the letter 'b'
     and end with the letter 'r'.

     If 'clear' is called without any arguments, all user-defined
     variables (local and global) are cleared from the symbol table.

     If 'clear' is called with at least one argument, only the visible
     names matching the arguments are cleared.  For example, suppose you
     have defined a function 'foo', and then hidden it by performing the
     assignment 'foo = 2'.  Executing the command 'clear foo' once will
     clear the variable definition and restore the definition of 'foo'
     as a function.  Executing 'clear foo' a second time will clear the
     function definition.

     The following options are available in both long and short form

     '-all, -a'
          Clear all local and global user-defined variables and all
          functions from the symbol table.

     '-exclusive, -x'
          Clear the variables that don't match the following pattern.

     '-functions, -f'
          Clear the function names and the built-in symbols names.

     '-global, -g'
          Clear global symbol names.

     '-variables, -v'
          Clear local variable names.

     '-classes, -c'
          Clears the class structure table and clears all objects.

     '-regexp, -r'
          The arguments are treated as regular expressions as any
          variables that match will be cleared.

     With the exception of 'exclusive', all long options can be used
     without the dash as well.

     See also: who, whos, exist.

